What am I saying is wrong?
What can he give Xiaoyu to fly?
Do you have a car?
Do you have a room?
Do you have any savings?
And Xiaoxiao, don't say Ducoco
When did you become in love?
He said he had a car, a house, a deposit, and a door
How can you believe it?
Explain
Since it is to save face for you, I can't do nothing
I won't make it difficult for you.
It's not realistic for me to see the garage now
Since you said you have a deposit
Then let me see your bride price
Vita taxes your 200,000 here
Open a bottle
Enough parts
Luo Xuan, I'm sorry.
I didn't expect this.
Let's go. No
Come out to play
The most important thing is to be happy
How can one bottle be enough for so many of us?
Get 10 bottles
Okay
10 bottles. You know what you're talking about
It seems that Miss Lin is still too little
Then take 100 bottles
Brother, these 100 bottles cost 20 million
If you place an order in this essence club, you can't return it.
Are you sure you can afford it?
Hmm, this guy
You know what's wrong
Listen to Brother Chicken's advice
Leave Yue Fei
An excellent woman like Yue Fei?
A good man like me
To deserve you
Brother Chicken, that means 20 million you can afford
Master you